README.md, before:


# <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/raymond-gonsalves">Ray Gonsalves</a> Cybersecurity Project Portfolio 🔐

Hello, and thank you for visiting my GitHub portfolio! Here, you'll find a collection of projects that showcase my expertise in cybersecurity, particularly in blue team operations.

My work reflects a strong focus on **investigative analysis, vulnerability management, incident reporting, and log analysis** —key skills essential for defending and securing modern networks.



### My projects showcase the following:
🔍 *My Investigative & Analytical Skills -*
Through hands-on investigations, I showcase my ability to analyze security incidents, interpret threat intelligence, and correlate data to uncover potential threats.


📝 *Concise & Informative Cyber Incident Reports -*
Clear and effective communication is vital in cybersecurity. These reports highlight my ability to convey technical findings in a format that is both precise and accessible to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.


🛡️ *Passion for Blue Team Operations -*
My portfolio reflects my deep interest in defensive security, threat detection, and proactive risk mitigation. Whether it's using SIEM tools, monitoring network traffic, or investigating security events, I am dedicated to strengthening cybersecurity defenses and improving incident response.

Explore my projects to see my skills in action. I welcome feedback, collaboration, and discussions with fellow cybersecurity professionals. Let’s build a safer digital world together!



## ⚠️ Agentic Ai

- **[Defending and Agentic AI Agent](https://github.com/raymondgonsalves/Defending_Agentic_AI)**


<hr/>

## 🤳 Connect With Me


[<img align="left" alt="___________ | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/raymond-gonsalves/

<!--
<img width="35" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2f41c7cd-5ea8-4475-b451-a37161b6c3fb"> 
<img width="35" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77649969-9910-4994-8b96-74a116cfb2a8">
-->

Commit message:

Revise README to highlight AI security expertise
Updated portfolio description to emphasize focus on AI security and SOC operations.

README.md, after:


# <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/raymond-gonsalves">Ray Gonsalves</a> Cybersecurity Project Portfolio 🔐

Hello, and thank you for visiting my GitHub portfolio! Here, you'll find a collection of projects that showcase my expertise in cybersecurity, particularly in blue team operations.

MY work sits squarely at the intersection of SOC operations, security architecture, and AI security — and it reflects where many security roles are headed as AI becomes embedded in production workflows.

## ⚠️ Agentic Ai

- **[Defending and Agentic AI Agent](https://github.com/raymondgonsalves/Defending_Agentic_AI)**


<hr/>

## 🤳 Connect With Me


[<img align="left" alt="___________ | LinkedIn" width="22px" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/simple-icons@v3/icons/linkedin.svg" />][linkedin]

[linkedin]: https://www.linkedin.com/in/raymond-gonsalves/

<!--
<img width="35" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2f41c7cd-5ea8-4475-b451-a37161b6c3fb"> 
<img width="35" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/77649969-9910-4994-8b96-74a116cfb2a8">
-->
